Add defender v2.26.0 changelog (#360)
OpenZeppelin/defender-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/changelog.adoc

= Changelog

[[release-2024-08-05]]
== August 5th, 2024

* *General*
** Initialise tenant networks for tx iterator.
** Migrate all subgraphs from hosted service to subgraph studio.
** Disable the aggressive error when proposal signing fails.
** Allow functionality to only show status dialog loader when state machine is active.
** Fix Actions dependencies version UI selector.

> ** Improve action notifications throttling logic.

Reviewer: lets add feature to support webhook notifications

> ** https://docs.openzeppelin.com/defender/manage/notification-channels#additional-configurations[Improve action notifications throttling logic].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** https://docs.openzeppelin.com/defender/manage/notification-channels#additional-configurations[Add support to webhook signing of notifications].
```
